OSDOCS#13072:Adds Content Security Policy for web console (#88593)
openshift/openshift-docs: web_console/dynamic-plugin/content-security-policy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="dynamic-plugin-example_{context}"]
= Content Security Policy (CSP)
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: content-security-policy

toc::[]

> You can specify Content Security Policy (CSP) directives for your dynamic plugin using the `ConsolePluginCSP` field in the `ConsolePluginSpec`. This field helps mitigate potential security risks by specifying which sources are allowed for fetching content like scripts, styles, images, and fonts. For dynamic plugins that require loading resources from external sources, defining custom CSP rules ensures secure integration into the {product-title} console.

Reviewer: Shall we use `contentSecurityPolicy` filed instead of `ConsolePluginCSP` field? 
```
$ oc explain consoleplugin.spec
GROUP:      console.openshift.io
KIND:       ConsolePlugin
VERSION:    v1

FIELD: spec <Object>

DESCRIPTION:
    ConsolePluginSpec is the desired plugin configuration.
    
FIELDS:
  backend	<Object> -required-
    backend holds the configuration of backend which is serving console's plugin
    .

  contentSecurityPolicy	<[]Object>
    contentSecurityPolicy is a list of Content-Security-Policy (CSP) directives
    for the plugin.
    Each directive specifies a list of values, appropriate for the given
...............
```

> You can specify Content Security Policy (CSP) directives for your dynamic plugin using the `contentSecurityPolicy` field in the `ConsolePluginSpec`. This field helps mitigate potential security risks by specifying which sources are allowed for fetching content like scripts, styles, images, and fonts. For dynamic plugins that require loading resources from external sources, defining custom CSP rules ensures secure integration into the {product-title} console.

Reviewer 2: the monospaced `ConsolePluginSpec` needs a trailing noun, e.g. parameter, field, value, placeholder etc.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The console currently uses `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only`, so the browser will only warn about CSP violations in the web console and enforcment of CSP policies will be limited. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so you will need to manually enable it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The console currently uses the `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` response header, so the browser will only warn about CSP violations in the web console and enforcement of CSP policies will be limited. CSP violations will be logged in the browser console, but the associated CSP directives will not be enforced. This feature is behind a `feature-gate`, so you will need to manually enable it.
```
